Update readme and troubleshooting guide (#38825)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

|---|---|---|
|The current credential is not configured to acquire tokens for tenant <tenant ID>|<p>The application must configure the credential to allow token acquisition from the requested tenant.|Make one of the following changes in your app:<ul><li>Add the requested tenant ID to `AdditionallyAllowedTenants` on the credential options.</li><li>Add `*` to `AdditionallyAllowedTenants` to allow token acquisition for any tenant.</li></ul></p><p>This exception was added as part of a breaking change to multi-tenant authentication in version `1.7.0`. Users experiencing this error after upgrading can find details on the change and migration in [BREAKING_CHANGES.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/BREAKING_CHANGES.md#170).</p> |

> ## Troubleshoot WAM+MSA login issues

Reviewer: Under line 28, add a link to this new section.

> When using `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, by default, only AAD account is listed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, by default, only the Azure AD account is listed:
```

> ![MSA AAD only](./images/MSA1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![MSA Azure AD only](./images/MSA1.png)
```

If you choose "Use another account" and type in an MSA outlook.com account, it fails:

![Fail on use another account](./images/MSA2.png)

> Since Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication 1.0.0-beta.4, you can set `IsMsaPassthroughEnabled` on `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions` or `SharedTokenCacheCredentialBrokerOptions` to `True`, and MSA outlook.com accounts that are logged in to Windows are automatically listed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version `1.0.0-beta.4` of [Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication), you can set the `IsMsaPassthroughEnabled` property on `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions` or `SharedTokenCacheCredentialBrokerOptions` to `true`. MSA outlook.com accounts that are logged in to Windows are automatically listed:
```
